<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="care">
    <title>Ctrl/Meta + arrow navigation</title>
    <shortdesc>A topic with a few samples to test ctrl+arrow caret navigation.</shortdesc>
    <body>
        <section id="section_pj3_xdh_tdb">
            <title>Normal</title>
            <p>Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem
                Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an
                    <u>   unknown   </u>    printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a
                type specimen book.</p>
            <?oxy_comment_start author="Anonymous" timestamp="20180508T115752+0300" comment="Hiragana"?>
            <p xml:lang="ja"><?oxy_comment_end?>えんぴつ りゅうがくせい <u>とんかつ</u> やさい ゆうびんきょうく</p>
            <p xml:lang="ro">Există o mulţime de variaţii disponibile ale pasajelor <u>Lorem
                    Ipsum</u>, dar majoritatea lor au suferit alterări într-o oarecare măsură prin
                infiltrare de elemente de umor, sau de cuvinte luate aleator, care nu sunt câtuşi de
                puţin credibile.</p>
            <?oxy_comment_start author="Anonymous" timestamp="20180508T115811+0300" comment="Cyrillic"?>
            <p xml:lang="ru"><?oxy_comment_end?>Лорем ипсум долор сит амет, ет сед дуис доминг
                албуциус. Еи лорем ерипуит пер, вих ан дицтас персецути адиписцинг, яуи но мунди
                яуодси епицуреи. Воцент <u>бонорум</u> волуптатибус еос те. Не яуо хинц инцоррупте
                диссентиет, ин яуо инвидунт маиестатис волуптатибус, ад вим магна алтерум
                репримияуе.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_bsv_12h_tdb">
            <title>Ideographs</title>
            <?oxy_comment_start author="Anonymous" timestamp="20180508T115801+0300" comment="Kanji"?>
            <p xml:lang="ja"
                ><?oxy_comment_end?>女びーゃ港南家ま答川ばレり耐開ちスッ止8芸<u>たン</u>案陵スこゅ日損イ準高的使ぼ果人おドを開海きぽすド芸学レ成6元ヨ岩特ロイヌ稿松傍剰ン。判コノムト之話ミムロカ江間92写サレ既能ド再江調ノフ辻実サヲ堀申通シクロハ豊時界とれそ命8道モソス連変を報政され氷柴ケワユヲ脳串ソ精亮凱孫ぼクぎぱ。</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_kw5_42h_tdb">
            <title>Right-to-left</title>
            <?oxy_comment_start author="Anonymous" timestamp="20180508T115949+0300" comment="Arabic"?>
            <p dir="rlo" xml:lang="ar"><?oxy_comment_end?>تصفح إعمار التّحول بعض و. قد وأزيز
                بالتوقيع التاريخ، انه, حالية وبولندا إذ كان. من غير وانهاء المشترك, شمال الستار أضف
                أم. قد بعض الشرقي العاصمة والإتحاد, من للسيطرة العسكري حين. غير لعدم الأهداف ان, لم
                ماشاء إنطلاق المعاهدات جهة, قبل تطوير الإثنان تم. لتقليعة التقليدي ثم بعد, بال هو
                وحرمان الخاسر الجديدة،.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_sqg_t2h_tdb">
            <title>Emoji</title>
            <p>In arcu 👻👚 lectus volutpat, 🏰🍳 📥🔄🔸👊👒🍊 venenatis 💕🔧 congue 🏠🎾🐳👑 🍀🍖🔅
                cursus quis 📐🐭 ultricies non; vitae aliquam quis ac quis 🌓🌝🐴🍧🎼💯🔎🐺🎴🌇🐊
                nunc, 🐆🐙🕥 enim 🐂🍪🌘🍦🐟 nunc, faucibus eu.</p>
        </section>
    </body>
</topic>
